README.md, before:

#Nuxeo Box API
---
## General information and motivation

The **Nuxeo** addon _nuxeo-box-api_ is an implementation of [Box](http://www.box.com) api on top of Nuxeo repository. It transforms the Nuxeo repository into a Box compliant storage backend. Use cases of such an approach are:
- light integration on continuous integration chain for your Box development
- on-premise setup of Box stored content
- extension of feature scope on your project (workflow, conversions, ...)

### Getting Started

- [Download a Nuxeo server](http://www.nuxeo.com/en/downloads) (the zip version)

- Unzip it

- Install nuxeo-box-api plugin from command line 
  - Linux/Mac:
    - `NUXEO_HOME/bin/nuxeoctl mp-init`
    - `NUXEO_HOME/bin/nuxeoctl mp-install nuxeo-box-api`
    - `NUXEO_HOME/bin/nuxeoctl start`
  - Windows:
    - `NUXEO_HOME\bin\nuxeoctl.bat mp-init`
    - `NUXEO_HOME\bin\nuxeoctl.bat mp-install nuxeo-box-api`
    - `NUXEO_HOME\bin\nuxeoctl.bat start`

- From your browser, go to `http://localhost:8080/nuxeo`

- Follow Nuxeo Wizard by clicking 'Next' buttons, re-start once completed

- Check Nuxeo correctly re-started `http://localhost:8080/nuxeo`
  - username: Administrator
  - password: Administrator

- You can now use the Box api against this running Nuxeo server.


Note: Your machine needs internet access. If you have a proxy setting, skip the mp-init and mp-install steps at first, just do nuxeoctl start and run the wizzard where you will be asked your proxy settings.
  
#####API Usage Examples:

######Folders:

- GET http://localhost:8080/nuxeo/box/**2.0/folders/{folder_id}**

looks like

- GET https://api.box.com/**2.0/folders/{folder id}**

######Files:

- GET http://localhost:8080/nuxeo/box/**2.0/files/{file_id}**

looks like

- GET https://api.box.com/**2.0/files/{file_id}**


The complete documentation of the Box API can be found [here](https://developers.box.com/docs/). 

Only the base URL `https://api.box.com` must be replaced by `http://localhost:8080/nuxeo/box` for instance.
  

###REST API Compatibility Matrix

Features | Box | Nuxeo
------------ | ------------- | ------------
[**Folders**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#folders)| Yes | Yes
[**Files**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#files)| Yes | Yes
[**Comments**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#comments)| Yes | Coming Soon
[**Collaborations**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#collaborations)| Yes | Yes
[**Search**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#search)| Yes | Yes
[**Events**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#events)| Yes | On Demand
[**Shared Items**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#shared-items)| Yes | On Demand
[**Users**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#users)| Yes | On Demand
[**Groups**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#groups)| Yes | On Demand
[**Tasks**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#tasks)| Yes | On Demand

###Report & Contribute

We are glad to welcome new developers on this initiative, and even simple usage feedback is great.
- Ask your questions or report issues on [Nuxeo Answers](http://answers.nuxeo.com)
- [Nuxeo JIRA Issue Management](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXP)
- See [Contributing to Nuxeo](http://doc.nuxeo.com/x/VIZH)

##Sample usage

###Java Box SDK usage with Nuxeo Box API

The [Box Java SDK 2.2.2](https://github.com/box/box-java-sdk-v2) can be used to browse Nuxeo repositories.

Maven artifact:

    <dependency>
      <groupId>com.box</groupId>
      <artifactId>box-java-sdk</artifactId>
      <version>2.2.2</version>
    </dependency>

    <repositories>
     <repository>
      <id>public</id>
      <url>http://maven.nuxeo.org/nexus/content/groups/public</url>
      <releases>
        <enabled>true</enabled>
      </releases>
      <snapshots>
        <enabled>false</enabled>
      </snapshots>
     </repository>
     <repository>
      <id>public-snapshot</id>
      <url>http://maven.nuxeo.org/nexus/content/groups/public-snapshot</url>
      <releases>
        <enabled>false</enabled>
      </releases>
      <snapshots>
        <updatePolicy>always</updatePolicy>
        <enabled>true</enabled>
      </snapshots>
     </repository>
    </repositories>


Initialize the client with the following lines to make it point to your Nuxeo server:

        import com.box.boxjavalibv2.BoxClient;
        import com.box.boxjavalibv2.BoxConfig;
        
        static final String PROTOCOL = "http";
        static final String SERVER_URL = "localhost:8080";

        BoxConfig boxConfig = BoxConfig.getInstance();
        
        boxConfig.setAuthUrlScheme(PROTOCOL); // Default value is "https"
        boxConfig.setOAuthUrlAuthority(SERVER_URL);
        boxConfig.setOAuthApiUrlPath("/nuxeo");

        boxConfig.setApiUrlScheme(PROTOCOL); // Default value is "https"
        boxConfig.setApiUrlAuthority(SERVER_URL);
        boxConfig.setApiUrlPath("/nuxeo/box/2.0");

        boxConfig.setUploadUrlScheme(PROTOCOL); // Default value is "https"
        boxConfig.setUploadUrlAuthority("/nuxeo");
        boxConfig.setUploadUrlPath("/nuxeo/site/box/2.0");
        

        
###Box/Nuxeo hybrid client application sample

[This sample application](https://github.com/nuxeo/nuxeo-box-angular-sample) browses Nuxeo and Box repositories with the same [REST API](https://developers.box.com/docs/). Only the base URL should be updated.

Examples:

- Same endpoints (to fetch a folderish document definition) such as:
  - GET http://server/nuxeo/box/**2.0/folders/{folder_id}**
  - GET https://api.box.com/**2.0/folders/{folder id}**
- Same JSON payload response such as:
  - <http://developers.box.com/docs/#folders-folder-object>

##About
###Nuxeo

[Nuxeo](http://www.nuxeo.com) provides a modular, extensible Java-based [open source software platform for enterprise content management](http://www.nuxeo.com/en/products/content-management-platform), and packaged applications for [document management](http://www.nuxeo.com/en/products/document-management), [digital asset management](http://www.nuxeo.com/en/products/digital-asset-management), [social collaboration](http://www.nuxeo.com/en/products/social-collaboration) and [case management](http://www.nuxeo.com/en/products/case-management).

Designed by developers for developers, the Nuxeo platform offers a modern architecture, a powerful plug-in model and extensive packaging capabilities for building content applications.

More information on: <http://www.nuxeo.com/> 

###Box
Box documentation and account:

- <https://app.box.com/signup/personal/> -> Box Signup
- <https://developers.box.com/docs/> -> API Documentation

Commit message:

Reference github managed issues and update general introduction

README.md, after:

#Nuxeo Box API
---
## General information and motivation

The **Nuxeo** addon _nuxeo-box-api_ is an implementation of [Box](http://www.box.com) api on top of Nuxeo repository. It transforms the Nuxeo repository into a Box compliant storage backend. Use cases of such an approach are:
- light integration on continuous integration chain for your Box development
- on-premise setup of Box stored content


### Getting Started

- [Download a Nuxeo server](http://www.nuxeo.com/en/downloads) (the zip version)

- Unzip it

- Install nuxeo-box-api plugin from command line 
  - Linux/Mac:
    - `NUXEO_HOME/bin/nuxeoctl mp-init`
    - `NUXEO_HOME/bin/nuxeoctl mp-install nuxeo-box-api`
    - `NUXEO_HOME/bin/nuxeoctl start`
  - Windows:
    - `NUXEO_HOME\bin\nuxeoctl.bat mp-init`
    - `NUXEO_HOME\bin\nuxeoctl.bat mp-install nuxeo-box-api`
    - `NUXEO_HOME\bin\nuxeoctl.bat start`

- From your browser, go to `http://localhost:8080/nuxeo`

- Follow Nuxeo Wizard by clicking 'Next' buttons, re-start once completed

- Check Nuxeo correctly re-started `http://localhost:8080/nuxeo`
  - username: Administrator
  - password: Administrator

- You can now use the Box api against this running Nuxeo server.


Note: Your machine needs internet access. If you have a proxy setting, skip the mp-init and mp-install steps at first, just do nuxeoctl start and run the wizzard where you will be asked your proxy settings.
  
#####API Usage Examples:

######Folders:

- GET http://localhost:8080/nuxeo/box/**2.0/folders/{folder_id}**

looks like

- GET https://api.box.com/**2.0/folders/{folder id}**

######Files:

- GET http://localhost:8080/nuxeo/box/**2.0/files/{file_id}**

looks like

- GET https://api.box.com/**2.0/files/{file_id}**


The complete documentation of the Box API can be found [here](https://developers.box.com/docs/). 

Only the base URL `https://api.box.com` must be replaced by `http://localhost:8080/nuxeo/box` for instance.
  

###REST API Compatibility Matrix

Features | Box | Nuxeo
------------ | ------------- | ------------
[**Folders**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#folders)| Yes | Yes
[**Files**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#files)| Yes | Yes
[**Comments**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#comments)| Yes | Coming Soon
[**Collaborations**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#collaborations)| Yes | Yes
[**Search**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#search)| Yes | Yes
[**Events**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#events)| Yes | On Demand
[**Shared Items**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#shared-items)| Yes | On Demand
[**Users**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#users)| Yes | On Demand
[**Groups**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#groups)| Yes | On Demand
[**Tasks**](https://developers.box.com/docs/#tasks)| Yes | On Demand

###Report & Contribute

We are glad to welcome new developers on this initiative, and even simple usage feedback is great.
- Ask your questions on [Nuxeo Answers](http://answers.nuxeo.com)
- Report issues on this github repository (see issues link on the right)
- See [Contributing to Nuxeo](http://doc.nuxeo.com/x/VIZH)

##Sample usage

###Java Box SDK usage with Nuxeo Box API

The [Box Java SDK 2.2.2](https://github.com/box/box-java-sdk-v2) can be used to browse Nuxeo repositories.

Maven artifact:

    <dependency>
      <groupId>com.box</groupId>
      <artifactId>box-java-sdk</artifactId>
      <version>2.2.2</version>
    </dependency>

    <repositories>
     <repository>
      <id>public</id>
      <url>http://maven.nuxeo.org/nexus/content/groups/public</url>
      <releases>
        <enabled>true</enabled>
      </releases>
      <snapshots>
        <enabled>false</enabled>
      </snapshots>
     </repository>
     <repository>
      <id>public-snapshot</id>
      <url>http://maven.nuxeo.org/nexus/content/groups/public-snapshot</url>
      <releases>
        <enabled>false</enabled>
      </releases>
      <snapshots>
        <updatePolicy>always</updatePolicy>
        <enabled>true</enabled>
      </snapshots>
     </repository>
    </repositories>


Initialize the client with the following lines to make it point to your Nuxeo server:

        import com.box.boxjavalibv2.BoxClient;
        import com.box.boxjavalibv2.BoxConfig;
        
        static final String PROTOCOL = "http";
        static final String SERVER_URL = "localhost:8080";

        BoxConfig boxConfig = BoxConfig.getInstance();
        
        boxConfig.setAuthUrlScheme(PROTOCOL); // Default value is "https"
        boxConfig.setOAuthUrlAuthority(SERVER_URL);
        boxConfig.setOAuthApiUrlPath("/nuxeo");

        boxConfig.setApiUrlScheme(PROTOCOL); // Default value is "https"
        boxConfig.setApiUrlAuthority(SERVER_URL);
        boxConfig.setApiUrlPath("/nuxeo/box/2.0");

        boxConfig.setUploadUrlScheme(PROTOCOL); // Default value is "https"
        boxConfig.setUploadUrlAuthority("/nuxeo");
        boxConfig.setUploadUrlPath("/nuxeo/site/box/2.0");
        

        
###Box/Nuxeo hybrid client application sample

[This sample application](https://github.com/nuxeo/nuxeo-box-angular-sample) browses Nuxeo and Box repositories with the same [REST API](https://developers.box.com/docs/). Only the base URL should be updated.

Examples:

- Same endpoints (to fetch a folderish document definition) such as:
  - GET http://server/nuxeo/box/**2.0/folders/{folder_id}**
  - GET https://api.box.com/**2.0/folders/{folder id}**
- Same JSON payload response such as:
  - <http://developers.box.com/docs/#folders-folder-object>

##About
###Nuxeo

[Nuxeo](http://www.nuxeo.com) provides a modular, extensible Java-based [open source software platform for enterprise content management](http://www.nuxeo.com/en/products/content-management-platform), and packaged applications for [document management](http://www.nuxeo.com/en/products/document-management), [digital asset management](http://www.nuxeo.com/en/products/digital-asset-management), [social collaboration](http://www.nuxeo.com/en/products/social-collaboration) and [case management](http://www.nuxeo.com/en/products/case-management).

Designed by developers for developers, the Nuxeo platform offers a modern architecture, a powerful plug-in model and extensive packaging capabilities for building content applications.

More information on: <http://www.nuxeo.com/> 

###Box
Box documentation and account:

- <https://app.box.com/signup/personal/> -> Box Signup
- <https://developers.box.com/docs/> -> API Documentation
